<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [LOGINFAIL][1]
-   [UnicodeMap][2]
-   [constructor][3]
-   [render][4]
-   [loadScript][5]
    -   [Parameters][6]
-   [execUserScript][7]
    -   [Parameters][8]
-   [execActionScript][9]
    -   [Parameters][10]
-   [loadStyle][11]
    -   [Parameters][12]
-   [updateCSS][13]
    -   [Parameters][14]
-   [unloadStyle][15]
    -   [Parameters][16]
-   [createTheme][17]
    -   [Parameters][18]
-   [saveText][19]
    -   [Parameters][20]
-   [localStorageToText][21]
    -   [Parameters][22]
-   [restoreLocalStorage][23]
    -   [Parameters][24]
-   [loadLocalStorage][25]
    -   [Parameters][26]
-   [clearLocalStorage][27]
    -   [Parameters][28]
-   [saveLocalStorage][29]
    -   [Parameters][30]
-   [loadHistoryBuffer][31]
    -   [Parameters][32]
-   [saveHistoryBuffer][33]
    -   [Parameters][34]
-   [castString][35]
    -   [Parameters][36]
-   [changeSetting][37]
    -   [Parameters][38]
-   [loadButtons][39]
-   [loadTriggers][40]
-   [loadTimers][41]
-   [loadMacros][42]
-   [loadKeys][43]
-   [loadCSS][44]
-   [loadScripts][45]
-   [loadSettings][46]
-   [loadRecallHistory][47]
-   [saveRecallHistory][48]
-   [saveButtons][49]
-   [saveTriggers][50]
-   [saveTimers][51]
-   [saveMacros][52]
-   [saveKeys][53]
-   [saveCSS][54]
-   [saveScripts][55]
-   [saveSettings][56]
-   [parseCommand][57]
    -   [Parameters][58]
-   [onCommand][59]
    -   [Parameters][60]
-   [appendMessage][61]
    -   [Parameters][62]
-   [createPattern][63]
    -   [Parameters][64]
-   [replaceArgs][65]
    -   [Parameters][66]
-   [clear][67]
-   [initInput][68]
    -   [Parameters][69]
-   [initOutput][70]
    -   [Parameters][71]
-   [initPrompt][72]
    -   [Parameters][73]
-   [scrollDown][74]
    -   [Parameters][75]
-   [focus][76]
    -   [Parameters][77]
-   [scrollIfNeeded][78]
    -   [Parameters][79]
-   [addPanel][80]
    -   [Parameters][81]
-   [getSpawn][82]
    -   [Parameters][83]
-   [delSpawn][84]
    -   [Parameters][85]
-   [findSpawn][86]
    -   [Parameters][87]
-   [closePanel][88]
    -   [Parameters][89]
-   [focusPanel][90]
    -   [Parameters][91]
-   [connect][92]
-   [sendCommand][93]
    -   [Parameters][94]
-   [sendMacro][95]
    -   [Parameters][96]
-   [sendAPI][97]
    -   [Parameters][98]
-   [execString][99]
    -   [Parameters][100]
-   [execJSON][101]
    -   [Parameters][102]
-   [saveLog][103]
    -   [Parameters][104]
-   [saveBackup][105]
    -   [Parameters][106]
-   [setBubble][107]
-   [initNotifications][108]
-   [initPanels][109]
-   [enableTimers][110]
-   [disableTimers][111]
-   [startTimers][112]
-   [stopTimers][113]
-   [runTimers][114]
-   [onUpdate][115]
    -   [Parameters][116]
-   [onText][117]
    -   [Parameters][118]
-   [onHTML][119]
    -   [Parameters][120]
-   [onPueblo][121]
    -   [Parameters][122]
-   [onPrompt][123]
    -   [Parameters][124]
-   [onObject][125]
    -   [Parameters][126]
-   [onObject][127]
    -   [Parameters][128]
-   [appendCallback][129]
-   [execCallback][130]
    -   [Parameters][131]

## LOGINFAIL

List of standard server login failure messages.

Type: [Array][132]&lt;[string][133]>

## UnicodeMap

Maps Unicode characters to ASCII characters.

Type: [Object][134]&lt;[string][133], [string][133]>

## constructor

The main Client class controls and links together everything.

## render

Render the main React component.

## loadScript

Load a script from the source URL by appending a <script> tag to the body.

### Parameters

-   `src` **[string][133]** The URL of the script to load.

## execUserScript

Find and execute a user-defined script by name.

### Parameters

-   `name` **[string][133]** Name of the script to execute.

## execActionScript

Evaluate a fragment of Javascript code.

### Parameters

-   `txt` **[string][133]** The code to execute.
-   `event` **[Event][135]?** The event, if present.

## loadStyle

Load custom CSS style sheet from the source URL by appending a <link> tag to the head.

### Parameters

-   `src` **[string][133]** The URL of the CSS file to load.

## updateCSS

Update the CSS definition object's rules on its <style> element.

### Parameters

-   `css` **[Object][134]&lt;[string][133], [string][133]>** The CSS definition object.
-   `erase` **[boolean][136]** Erase the existing style first. (optional, default `false`)

Returns **[HTMLElement][137]** The <style> tag with CSS added.

## unloadStyle

Uunload custom CSS style sheet loading from source URL.

### Parameters

-   `src` **[string][133]** The source URL of the CSS file to unload.

## createTheme

Create a new Material-UI theme from a theme configuration object.

### Parameters

-   `theme` **[Object][134]&lt;[string][133], any>?** The theme configuration object.

Returns **MuiTheme** The new theme object.

## saveText

Save a text string to a local file.

### Parameters

-   `filename` **[string][133]** The name of the file to save.
-   `text` **[string][133]** The text of the file to save.
-   `type` **[string][133]** The MIME type of the file Blob. (optional, default `text/plain`)

Returns **[boolean][136]** Whether the save was successful or not.

## localStorageToText

Convert localStorage to JSON object text.

### Parameters

-   `indent` **[string][133]** If indent != 0 we use a pretty printer. If 0 or undefined we minify. (optional, default `0`)

Returns **[string][133]** The JSON.stringified object text.

## restoreLocalStorage

Restore localStorage from a string.

### Parameters

-   `text` **[string][133]** The string from which to restore localStorage.

Returns **[boolean][136]** Whether the text was succesfully parsed and merged with localStorage.

## loadLocalStorage

Load a configuration object string from localStorage.

### Parameters

-   `obj`  
-   `key` **[string][133]** The key of the object on localStorage.

## clearLocalStorage

Delete a configuration object from localStorage.

### Parameters

-   `key` **[string][133]** The key of the object on localStorage.

## saveLocalStorage

Save a configuration object to localStorage.

### Parameters

-   `obj` **[Object][134]&lt;[string][133], any>** The object to be stored.
-   `key` **[string][133]** The key of the object on localStorage.

## loadHistoryBuffer

Load a history buffer string from localStorage.

### Parameters

-   `key` **[string][133]** The key of the buffer on localStorage.

Returns **[string][133]** The buffer string.

## saveHistoryBuffer

Save a history buffer string to localStorage.

### Parameters

-   `key` **[string][133]** The key of the buffer on localStorage.
-   `text` **[string][133]** The value of the buffer.

## castString

Set a value on an object, converting the argument to the correct type.

### Parameters

-   `obj` **[Object][134]&lt;[string][133], any>** The object on which to store the value.
-   `key` **[string][133]** The key of the value to store on the object.
-   `value` **any** The value to be stored.

## changeSetting

Change a setting, updating the UI if necessary.

### Parameters

-   `key` **[string][133]** The key of the setting to change.
-   `value` **[string][133]** The new value of the setting.

## loadButtons

Load user-defined taskbar buttons.

## loadTriggers

Load regex/wildcard pattern triggers.

## loadTimers

Load automatic timers.

## loadMacros

Load slash command macros.

## loadKeys

Load custom keybindings.

## loadCSS

Load custom css overrides.

## loadScripts

Load custom scripts.

## loadSettings

Load client settings.

## loadRecallHistory

Load command recall history.

## saveRecallHistory

Save command recall history.

## saveButtons

Save user-defined taskbar buttons.

## saveTriggers

Save regex/wildcard pattern triggers.

## saveTimers

Save automatic timers.

## saveMacros

Save command macros.

## saveKeys

Save custom keybindings.

## saveCSS

Save custom css overrides.

## saveScripts

Save custom css overrides.

## saveSettings

Save client settings.

## parseCommand

Detect if more user input is required for a pueblo command.

### Parameters

-   `command` **[string][133]** The command string to parse for '??' tokens.

Returns **[string][133]** The command string with '??' tokens replace by user input.

## onCommand

Execute a Pueblo command link, checking if it requires user input.

### Parameters

-   `cmd` **[string][133]** The command string.

## appendMessage

Log messages to the output terminal.

### Parameters

-   `classid` **[string][133]** The CSS class id of the log message.
-   `msg` **[string][133]** The message to append to the terminal.

## createPattern

Create a new RegExp pattern, creating one from a glob wildcard pattern if necessary.

### Parameters

-   `regex` **[boolean][136]** Is the pattern already a regex? If not we will make one.
-   `pattern` **[string][133]** The pattern string.

Returns **[RegExp][138]** The compiled regular expression.

## replaceArgs

Replace %-tokens in a text string with match argument strings.

### Parameters

-   `args`  
-   `text` **[string][133]** The text to be scanned for %number tokens which are replaced by args[number].

Returns **[string][133]** The new text with arguments replaced if they are present.

## clear

Clear the terminal.

## initInput

Initialize the terminal input window.

### Parameters

-   `input` **[HTMLElement][137]** The HTML element to which the Input object is attached.

## initOutput

Initialize the terminal output window.

### Parameters

-   `output` **[HTMLElement][137]** The HTML element to which the Emulator object is attached.
-   `container` **[HTMLElement][137]** The output elements container. (optional, default `null`)

## initPrompt

Initialize the command prompt.

### Parameters

-   `prompt` **[HTMLElement][137]** The HTML element to which the Emulator object is attached.

## scrollDown

Scroll the terminal output window down the very bottom of the current view.

### Parameters

-   `root` **[HTMLElement][137]** The HTML element to be scrolled down.

## focus

Passthrough for focusing the Input root.

### Parameters

-   `force` **[boolean][136]** Whether to force the Input element to focus even if the normal rules determine it shouldn't.

## scrollIfNeeded

Wrapper for appending text that scrolls the output afterwards if needed.

### Parameters

-   `fun` **[appendCallback][139]** The wrapper function that appends text.

## addPanel

Add a window panel with the given id and configuration, using a particular React component if provided.

### Parameters

-   `id` **[string][133]** The window id.
-   `cfg`  
-   `component` **React.Component** The React component that serves as a base. (optional, default `Spawn`)

Returns **[Object][134]** A reference to the panel if it already exists, or undefined if not.

## getSpawn

Create a new window with addPanel if one is not found with findSpawn.

### Parameters

-   `id` **[string][133]** The window id.
-   `cfg` **[Object][134]&lt;[string][133], any>** The panel configuration object.
-   `el` **HTMLElemet** The element to create inside the window.

Returns **jsPanel** The window panel that was found, or the new one created.

## delSpawn

Delete spawn window from internal list.

### Parameters

-   `id` **[string][133]** The window id.

## findSpawn

Find spawn window in internal list.

### Parameters

-   `id` **[string][133]** The window id.

Returns **jsPanel** The window panel if found, or null.

## closePanel

Find and close a window panel.

### Parameters

-   `id` **[string][133]** The window id.

## focusPanel

Bring a window panel into focus.

### Parameters

-   `id` **[string][133]** The window id.

## connect

Connect to the game server and setup message handlers.

## sendCommand

Send a command string to the server, check macros for a match and append a local echo.

### Parameters

-   `cmd` **[string][133]** The command string to send.

## sendMacro

Check a string for multiple commands and match them against the list of macros.

### Parameters

-   `cmds` **[string][133]** A string of one or more commands separated by newlines.

## sendAPI

Send an API command, falling back to player-executed softcode if the server doesn't support it.

### Parameters

-   `cmd` **[string][133]** The API command name.
-   `args` **[Array][132]&lt;[string][133]>** An array of string arguments to pass to the API command.

## execString

Execute a MUSH softcode string and return the result as a string in a JSON object.

### Parameters

-   `code` **[string][133]** The code string to execute.
-   `callback` **[execCallback][140]** The callback function to execute when we receive the return value.

## execJSON

Execute a MUSH softcode string that creates a JSON object and return it.

### Parameters

-   `code` **[string][133]** The code string to execute.
-   `callback` **[execCallback][140]** The callback function to execute when we receive the return object.

## saveLog

Save the current display to a log file.

### Parameters

-   `filename` **[string][133]** The name of the log file to save.

## saveBackup

Save the entire localStorage to a backup file.

### Parameters

-   `filename` **[string][133]** The name of the backup file to save.

## setBubble

Set the activity count when the browser tab is out of view.

## initNotifications

Initialize the browser activity notification events.

## initPanels

Set window panel default parameters and event handlers.

## enableTimers

Enable timers, only if not already enabled.

## disableTimers

Disable timers, only if already enabled.

## startTimers

Start the master timer loop, if timers are enabled.

## stopTimers

Stop the master timer loop.

## runTimers

The master timer loop.

## onUpdate

onMessage callback before data handler

### Parameters

-   `channel`  
-   `data`  

## onText

handle incoming text

### Parameters

-   `text`  

## onHTML

handle incoming html

### Parameters

-   `fragment`  

## onPueblo

handle incoming pueblo

### Parameters

-   `tag`  
-   `attrs`  

## onPrompt

handle incoming command prompts

### Parameters

-   `text`  

## onObject

use the Events handler collection

### Parameters

-   `obj`  

## onObject

handle incoming JSON objects

### Parameters

-   `obj`  

## appendCallback

Type: [Function][141]

## execCallback

Type: [Function][141]

### Parameters

-   `result` **[string][133]** 

[1]: #loginfail

[2]: #unicodemap

[3]: #constructor

[4]: #render

[5]: #loadscript

[6]: #parameters

[7]: #execuserscript

[8]: #parameters-1

[9]: #execactionscript

[10]: #parameters-2

[11]: #loadstyle

[12]: #parameters-3

[13]: #updatecss

[14]: #parameters-4

[15]: #unloadstyle

[16]: #parameters-5

[17]: #createtheme

[18]: #parameters-6

[19]: #savetext

[20]: #parameters-7

[21]: #localstoragetotext

[22]: #parameters-8

[23]: #restorelocalstorage

[24]: #parameters-9

[25]: #loadlocalstorage

[26]: #parameters-10

[27]: #clearlocalstorage

[28]: #parameters-11

[29]: #savelocalstorage

[30]: #parameters-12

[31]: #loadhistorybuffer

[32]: #parameters-13

[33]: #savehistorybuffer

[34]: #parameters-14

[35]: #caststring

[36]: #parameters-15

[37]: #changesetting

[38]: #parameters-16

[39]: #loadbuttons

[40]: #loadtriggers

[41]: #loadtimers

[42]: #loadmacros

[43]: #loadkeys

[44]: #loadcss

[45]: #loadscripts

[46]: #loadsettings

[47]: #loadrecallhistory

[48]: #saverecallhistory

[49]: #savebuttons

[50]: #savetriggers

[51]: #savetimers

[52]: #savemacros

[53]: #savekeys

[54]: #savecss

[55]: #savescripts

[56]: #savesettings

[57]: #parsecommand

[58]: #parameters-17

[59]: #oncommand

[60]: #parameters-18

[61]: #appendmessage

[62]: #parameters-19

[63]: #createpattern

[64]: #parameters-20

[65]: #replaceargs

[66]: #parameters-21

[67]: #clear

[68]: #initinput

[69]: #parameters-22

[70]: #initoutput

[71]: #parameters-23

[72]: #initprompt

[73]: #parameters-24

[74]: #scrolldown

[75]: #parameters-25

[76]: #focus

[77]: #parameters-26

[78]: #scrollifneeded

[79]: #parameters-27

[80]: #addpanel

[81]: #parameters-28

[82]: #getspawn

[83]: #parameters-29

[84]: #delspawn

[85]: #parameters-30

[86]: #findspawn

[87]: #parameters-31

[88]: #closepanel

[89]: #parameters-32

[90]: #focuspanel

[91]: #parameters-33

[92]: #connect

[93]: #sendcommand

[94]: #parameters-34

[95]: #sendmacro

[96]: #parameters-35

[97]: #sendapi

[98]: #parameters-36

[99]: #execstring

[100]: #parameters-37

[101]: #execjson

[102]: #parameters-38

[103]: #savelog

[104]: #parameters-39

[105]: #savebackup

[106]: #parameters-40

[107]: #setbubble

[108]: #initnotifications

[109]: #initpanels

[110]: #enabletimers

[111]: #disabletimers

[112]: #starttimers

[113]: #stoptimers

[114]: #runtimers

[115]: #onupdate

[116]: #parameters-41

[117]: #ontext

[118]: #parameters-42

[119]: #onhtml

[120]: #parameters-43

[121]: #onpueblo

[122]: #parameters-44

[123]: #onprompt

[124]: #parameters-45

[125]: #onobject

[126]: #parameters-46

[127]: #onobject-1

[128]: #parameters-47

[129]: #appendcallback

[130]: #execcallback

[131]: #parameters-48

[132]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[133]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[134]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[135]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Event

[136]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[137]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[138]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/RegExp

[139]: #appendcallback

[140]: #execcallback

[141]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
